
I made sure that URL was Valid for the moment
LA
larder21
larder21
17 minutes ago
I have everything I need to give a clear analysis. Let me reason through this carefully.
Here's the diagnosis. There are two layered problems:

Problem 1 — What the trigger actually provides

The "When I tap any of 4 Wallet passes or payment cards" automation fires when you tap the card to open it, not after a payment completes. The Shortcut Input it passes along is the Wallet Pass object (the card itself), not a payment transaction. iOS serialises that Pass object into the JSON body as either:

a plain string — just the card/bank name like "mBank", or
a structured object with fields like passTypeIdentifier, organizationName, serialNumber — none of which match what the server looks for (amount, currency, merchant, merchantName, etc.)
Either way the parser finds no amount → returns 422 → nothing is saved.

Problem 2 — Even if iOS does send transaction data

On some pass types (transit, loyalty) iOS 16+ can attach transaction detail to the input. But for standard bank/payment cards, the amount and merchant are not available at tap time — the shortcut runs before the payment is authorised, so there's nothing to read.

What would actually work

The Shortcut is architecturally set up correctly — it just needs a different trigger and input source. Three approaches that work:

Option A — Bank notification Share Sheet (works today, no changes needed)
When your bank sends a push notification for a payment ("Netflix €12.99"), long-press it → Share → Budger Shortcut. The raw text path in the server already parses "mBank\nNetflix\n12,99 EUR" style strings.

Option B — NFC tag on your desk
Place an NFC sticker next to where you pay. Tap it after a payment, enter amount + merchant in a simple prompt sheet. More deliberate but reliable.

Option C — Automation on notification from bank app
Trigger: "When I receive a notification from [Bank App]" → capture Notification Content as Shortcut Input → POST to the webhook. The raw text parser handles the notification body string if it contains the amount.

How to confirm what iOS is actually sending right now

There's a safe dry-run endpoint already in the server — same URL with /test appended — that returns what would be parsed without saving anything:

POST /api/webhook/apple/<your-token>/test
Duplicate your Shortcut, change the URL to .../test, run it, and the response JSON will show exactly what body.transaction contains and why parsing failed (fields rawTransaction, path, error). That'll tell you precisely what iOS is sending.
When I tap wallet notifications they are not share'able
LA
larder21
larder21
7 minutes ago
Capturing notification content
That rules out Option A. Option C is your best path — and it's purely a Shortcuts reconfiguration, no code changes needed.

Set up a "notification received" automation

Instead of the Wallet card tap, trigger on the bank app's push notification arriving:

Shortcuts → Automation → New Automation
Trigger: App → [your bank app, e.g. mBank / Revolut / ING] → Notification Received
Set "Run Immediately" (toggle off "Ask Before Running") so it fires silently
Same "Get Contents of URL" action as now, but change the body to:
{
  "transaction": "[Notification Title]\n[Notification Content]"
}
Use the magic variables Notification Title and Notification Content concatenated with a literal \n between them. This gives the parser two lines — typically the bank name on line 1 and the payment detail on line 2.

Why this works with the current server

The raw text parser already handles the common formats banks use:

Bank notification text	What gets extracted
mBank\n45,00 PLN - Allegro	amount=45.00 PLN, merchant=Allegro
Revolut\nYou paid €12.99 at Netflix	amount=12.99 EUR, merchant=Netflix (line 2)
ING\nPłatność 45,00 zł Allegro	amount=45.00 PLN, merchant=Allegro
The merchant name won't always be perfectly clean (some banks embed it mid-sentence) but the amount and currency will parse correctly.

One useful trick — the /test endpoint

Before going live, duplicate the Shortcut and point it at .../test instead of the live URL. The response JSON shows you exactly what transaction string iOS sends and what the parser extracts — without saving anything. Lets you tweak the body template before committing.
But notifications I get are not from the bank but from the wallet app. Look at the screenshot