The idea for Budger was born out of necessity and years of practice. I needed a planner for my household, to more carefully track current expenses and plan wisely those that are yet to come. 

Over the years, I carefully planned my expenses in my phone notebook - a start of a mindset. Then, I started to categorize them. Over the time I created the first conscious budget, but with no means to actually track every financial move, it was difficult to stay consistent. Banking apps were not flexible enough, and I had multiple accounts to manage. Task seemed overwhelming and impossible to achieve. 

Then 2026 came, and Artificial Intelligence surged in most areas of everyday life, creating opportunities and opening many doors. One of them was vibecoding aka creating code with prompts instead of coding language. A spark needed to take the action. With means to do it I started to create the tool I needed for so many years. And that’s, ladies and gentlemen, is how Budger was born. 

Over the time I realized that this personal need became a mission to create community and spread financial awareness. Everyone has monthly expenses and goals to achieve. By staying conscious of your finances and careful planning everything is easier and much more obtainable. I’d like to spread this approach with my close ones, friends and in the future, people that think just like me. The idea of Budger is to plan and achieve goals - individual or common. For a better future. 

I dedicate this app to my family, especially my wife Natalia and daughter Matylda, for giving me a drive and support along the way, and   brother Pawel and godson Teodor, who both were an inspiration for the branding as they gave me nice memories with the Badger. 

Badgers themselves are extremely entrepreneurial animals. They seek many opportunities to get food, make smart choices, build complex burrows that are passed from generation to generation. If this app reaches commercial success I pledge to contribute to their safety and wellbeing.

Author and CEO of the Budger, Filip Snopek