You did a good job translating but you missed couple of lines. Here’s a breakdown of what needs to be corrected for polish version (we will go tab by tab): 

Home tab:
Month is not tranlated, shows: June 2026 current month, should show: Czerwiec 2026 obecny miesiąc. 
Total spent should be całkowite wydatki 
Entries should be wpisy 
Days of the week should be translated, so instead of thu, 11 Jun should be cz, 11 Czer.

When clicking add transaction in home tab:
header says New Transaction, should say Nowa Transakcja.
Amount should be Kwota 
Date should be Data (and calendar should show polish abreviations for months)
Cancel button should say Anuluj 

When clicking set the monthly budget:
Only header is in polish. total monthly budget should be calkowity miesięczny budżet
Example text in that window should be in polish 
Instruction text below should be in polish 

In dashboard tab: 
Date should be with polish abreviations for months
In goal field it says: Cel [amount] by [date] • [monthly split amount]/mo needed. Should be Cel [amount] do [date] • ustalono [monthly split amount]/msc 
Trend miesięczny field need to have polish month abreviations at its chart

When clicking history of records month abreviation is not in polish

When clicking recent activity that field is not translated at all. Translate header and set months abreviations to polish ones. Also this one is not parsing well clean up required 

Categories tab:
Sub header color-coded spending categories is not translated 
Under category labels each category has budget: [amount]/mo. Should be Budżet: [amount]/msc.
Buttons are not translated, they should be edytuj and usuń. 
Add new category button instead of new should say nowy 

When adding new category:
Name should be nazwa
Color should be Kolor 
Monthly budżet (optional) should be Miesięczny Budzet (opcjonalnie)
Amount/ % of total should be kwota/ % calkowitego
Cancel button should say Anuluj 
Nowy is not properly translated, should be Stworz. 

When editing a category:
Color should be Kolor

Monthly budżet (optional) should be Miesięczny Budzet (opcjonalnie)
Amount/ % of total should be kwota/ % calkowitego
Cancel button should say Anuluj

Goal tab:
Header and its description is not translated 
Private goals and household goals headers are not translated
No private goals feedback in not translated
No household goals yet. Edit a private goal and make it a Household Goal. - this feedback needs to be translated 
New goal button needs to be translated 
Entire text in a goal field need to be translated similarly to categories text., including edit and delete buttons. 
Past goals needs to translated to Przeszłe Cele
New button need to be translated 

When clicking new button:
New goal header needs to be translated
Color should be Kolor 
YYYY should be RRRR
Cancel and create buttons should be Anuluj and stwórz 

When editing a goal:
Edit goal header needs to be translated 
Color should be Kolor 
When toggle is switched result text should be translated (is: save £125/mo for 8 months, should be: oszczędź £125/msc przed 8 miesięcy)
Goal visibility should be widoczność Celu
Cancel should be Anuluj. 

Household tab:
When there is no household created sentence:
“Create one to share expenses with family or roommates” needs to be translated
Household general field is not translated need to have everything in polish. 
(You) label should be (Ty)
Household goals / shared goals field has some text not translated (due [date] should be do [date] and [amount] of [total goal amount] should be [amount] z [total goal amount]
Private dashboard shoild say Prywatny Pulpit 

When creating the household:
Household name header needs to be translated
Monthly budget header and its example need to be translated

When deleting a household: 
entire pop up needs to be translated, including buttons

When editing budget: 

budget amount should be translated

When clicking invite: 

Email address header should be translated 

When clicking on a member to see their dashboard:
All the small text need to be translated - category, amount, total this month. 

Alert tab:
Days of the week abreviations should be converted to polish ones, so instead of M T W T F S S should be Pn Wt Śr Cz Pt Sb Nd 

Also, smart alerts have doubled descriptions, erase those added with emojis below the toggle switches 

Execute